Release Automation (#15)
hashicorp/syntax: RELEASE.md

# Release

This project produces GitHub Releases as the versioned artifacts for use in products like the Terraform VS Code Extension.

For example, you can download the `v0.2.3` Terraform Syntax release from `https://github.com/hashicorp/syntax/releases/download/v0.2.3/terraform.tmGrammar.json`

## Publish Release

## Increment Version

> 1. Ensure that CHANGELOG.MD has all changes since last release. Add if any are missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that `CHANGELOG.md` has all changes since last release. Add if any are missing.
```

# Release

This project produces GitHub Releases as the versioned artifacts for use in products like the Terraform VS Code Extension.

> For example, you can download the v0.2.3 Terraform Syntax release by using `
> https://github.com/hashicorp/syntax/releases/download/v0.2.3/terraform.tmGrammar.json`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can download the `v0.2.3` Terraform Syntax release from `https://github.com/hashicorp/syntax/releases/download/v0.2.3/terraform.tmGrammar.json`
```
Not sure if you intended to say "by using curl" here or something like that, but I guess the URL may be sufficient - I just fixed the formatting.

Author: Did not intend to give example ways yet. We're still working everything out and the RELEASE.md document isn't really going to be followed by external people anyway.

## Publish Release

## Increment Version

> 1. Ensure that CHANGELOG.MD has all changes since last release. Add if any are missing.

Reviewer 2: Given that you decided to generate the changelog via `gh`, is this still accurate?
